I should prepare one.
And further in his forty feet with his statement,
and this would be fire to his testimony,
there is this expert from fascinatement.
Governor Adams asked me if this meeting
if I had a written record of all of the
incidents with reference to fire this time
because it's just within that day,
when I was fired in the negative,
he stated that he thought I should prepare one.
Will you have stated without Dr. Smith's
statement when you prepared this statement of May 19th?
Just a moment.
Governor Adams, I'm not quite sure
to what you refer Mr. David,
that you said, were you have stated with that?
Now, will you have stated with the fact
or are the alleged facts as stated by Mr. Adam?
That Governor Adams asked Mr. Adam whether or not...
He had prepared a written record of all of the
incidents with reference to fire this time.
And when you were fired in the negative,
Governor Adams stated to him that he thought
we should prepare such a written record.
The testimony, the restatement of the question,
makes it quite firm, Mr. Jacobs,
that you are at the bottom asking for what
for quite a fast conference.
And between the testimony of Mr. Adam
and the present moment, the
President told directly, as interviewees,
I think it's quite clear,
that between you and me,
what the expected answer would be,
but the difficulty as to the answer is,
I think it's fair to you as it is to me.
Mr. Chairman, I certainly have no intention,
whatever, of impinging the ball in a presidential
directly, or I've been this witness to
violated it in a respect I was proceeding on the theory.
That this testimony of Mr. Adams was given
prior to the time of the presidential directive.
And that the presidential directive was not
retroactive.
And my question of course is directed to whether
or not there is some discrepancy.
I am not alleging it as a fact,
but I intend to intend to explore it,
to the presogatives, to advise the Secretary
not to answer the question if you so desire Mr. Welch.
But my talk was perhaps the committee might conclude that
there is some discrepancy in the testimony of Mr. Adams
and the statement of the Secretary on the date of May 19th.
Now I will read the question, Mr. Jenkins,
that I have make an attempt to
question this without the same time violating the
presidential direction.
If what you have is not, is,
did we have a order to do something along that line?
I answered that, no, if it's not.
I understand that Mr. Secretary, in your statement of May 19th.
And I read from it, I wish to make it
perfectly plain that the decisions and the acts on the part of the
army concerning the controversial express and the being
hurt for the Senate's sub-committee were the decisions
and the acts of the department of the army alone.
That's number one.
At no time as the army or eyes is Secretary
receiving any orders from anyone in respect to the
preparations, our presentation of the army's case
specifically the conference of January 21st,
was only for the purpose of obtaining an interpretation of existing
directives.
Now as I understand that, Mr. Stevens,
you state that the sole purpose of the conference of
January 21st was for the purpose of obtaining an
interpretation of existing directives.
That's correct, isn't it?
Yes.
And Mr. Adams says, Mr. John G. Adams says in his testimony
that at that conference he was directed by Governor Sherman Adams
to prepare a written record of all of the incidents
with reference to Piedit Chien.
Do you consider Mr. Secretary that there is any
discrepancy between your statement of May 19th
and the testimony of Mr. John G. Adams?
Would you like to write this one?
I'll share the one.
In some of the records in Shervery, like the states,
a report has passed up a note and it's fired
whether Mr. Stevens has been sworn.
And Mr. Stevens was sworn at the beginning of
his testimony and was not unswore when he stepped down
and told you to be called back to which
in that reference, Secretary, that's correct.
So you want to testify in under all?
Yes, that's correct.
Mr. Roberts, I also going through the record.
The difficulty of the misdeed in this judgment
than me is the use of his word either directed
or ordered to prepare a statement.
On page 2619, the paragraph you read
reads, and when I replied in the negative,
he stated he thought I should prepare one.
That does not strike me, Mr. Jenkins,
the Zither of Directive or in order to prepare a statement.
It was not the case of justice that won't be prepared.
And that only.
If Mr. Adams advised you, Mr. Stevens,
that a suggestion was made to him that he prepared
a written statement of events with respect to Chien,
Mr. Chairman, although that seems to me to be
close to what ought not to be testified to,
I am going to instruct the witness to leave me out.
Now I have the question read, please.
The party is going to be between the red.
Let's pretend our studio is across the country
to permit our stations to identify themselves.
Commibration, nothing.
You're going to be able to provide more
to friendly greetings of your children
with respect to Chien.
He did.
He did, sir.
Then Mr. Secretary, where these events,
as they have been designated in an oddly
consisting of 34 pages, prepared as the suggestion of
Mr. Chairman Adams,
and the boxing.
I think Mr. Jenkins wanted to mount it to
was Mr. Adams getting his files and records
and memorandid in connection with this matter in shape.
I do not consider that he had any order to do that
to the police.
I think Mr. Johnson's wanted to mount it to
was Mr. Adams getting his files and records
and he did not have any order to do that.
As I've said, I consider that he received the suggestion.
Yes, Mr. Secretary, I understand that,
and I'm afraid that you did not directly answer my question.
Now in your statement, you state that you know
at any time received any order from the executive department
of the government, and that to these charges
and the decisions and the acts where the charges
and the decisions and the acts of the army alone.
Mr. Adams is testimony he states that a suggestion
was made to him by Mr. Chairman Adams that he prepared
a statement of facts or events with respect to China.
And my question now is whether or not Mr. Adams
are you or anyone under the direction of either of you
did prepare those events consisting of 34 pages
at the suggestion of Mr. Chairman Adams.
Did you or not?
I'll say the answer, that is no.
The answer is no.
Yes.
And I believe you for the state that you do not consider
this there is any discrepancy whatever between your statement
and the testimony of Mr. John G Adams as red to you.
None whatever.
This one of the questions Mr. Stevens,
and then I'm sure I'm through when you were last on the witness stand
you were asked to consult with the inspector general
who prepared his report and I pleased that you stated that it perhaps
consisted of some 500 pages.
I'm just going to ask to have him
designated to use a pertinent part to enable you to answer the questions
of Senator MacKenzie or Mr. Colne.
Has that been done Mr. Secretary?
What I have not a sense to raise is what turned out to be 419.
Well, now we are not going to ask you about that this morning
except I have been requested to ask whether or not
when you are called back to the witness stand for a general examination
you will be prepared to give specific answers to those questions.
I will say you say you will.
That's all I can ask Mr. Secretary of the Chairman.
Sure has no question to defend Senator MacKenzie.
I think we ought to make it very clear that in your press release
or the 1st is at the date 19.
You said you did not act under directives and instructions or orders
that's the way I imperfect your testimony is that correct?
Yes.
You did have all Ms. Adams.
Did have a suggestion from Governor Adams that he prepared
to make a memorandum all the events regarding private signs?
Is that correct?
Yes, it is.
Mr. Secretary, Ms. Adams is on the stand a few days ago.
We could go today I believe in this committee read that for a week.
I have given the simple questions
who have their responsibility after that meeting on January 21st.
That was the information I was trying to get.
Is there any reason why he could not have answered the question?
That day since you have answered the question now you will hear
a week thereafter answering it on those.
If it violated the order then, it violates the order now.
That was the position he took on his vice council
that he couldn't answer because his violation is the president's directive.
When did you decide it didn't violate the president's directive?
I did not hear the testimony on the senator McCollum.
That was a simple question I asked him whether the responsibility shifted
at that meeting on January 21st from the secretary's office
to a higher level of authority.
He was advised by council his council that he couldn't answer it
that it violated the president's directive.
That reason, I think the meeting was adjourned.
We will also, a week's time, two days later,
you give out a statement to the press saying that you had all the responsibility.
I likened it to been answered that day.
The only way I can answer your question time,
McCollum, and I'm most anxious to answer all these questions, is that I think
a modest amount of time was needed in which to determine what could or could not be said.
Although you have the whole responsibility to you
to take all of the responsibility,
the charges that are made against you or against your army,
is like the list of the responsibilities.
I bet the responsibility for the charges that the army has made.
I'm asking it the other way.
I'm asking the other way.
I want to know if the countercharges are true
or you, the one who has responded.
Yes, I know.
I have to make a statement to the judiciary.
It's a meeting with a healthy movement, come back to him as he agenda that time and the judgment.
Mr. Steven,
you stated that
pursuance to the statements that you released on May 19th,
that you had not received any orders from a ball that the army had initiated these charges.
The substance of the state,
the army took full responsibility for whatever charges were initiated.
That's right.
Let me ask this.
Is it fair to say that while you received no orders from a ball,
did you receive any assistance in the preparation of these charges from a ball?
I mean from higher authority.
Well, to reflect your recollection,
I believe in response to a question
by Senator McCarthy.
I'll have the page in a moment.
Senator McCarthy asked this question.
What was the report prepared?
Was that report prepared after Senator Potter wrote you?
And your answer, Secretary Steven?
I think the report, the so-called analogy, was prepared by Mr. Brown of Mr. Hensel's office.
Along I would say starting about the fourth or fifth of March, somewhere in there, that is again.
In other words, you did have assistance outside of the...
Oh yes, yes sir.
Well, the thing that I don't quite understand, if you have assistance above the level of the Department of the Army,
how did they get into it?
I mean how did the defense department get into this picture?
Well, as I think I testified, Senator Jackson, in fact I know I've testified,
there was an increasing amount of interest on the part of senators and congressmen.
In regard to the matter of David Chan, this went on and accumulated over a period of time,
and of course the defense department was just as aware of it as the Department of the Army.
Now Mr. Adams was close to this thing and connected with it as part of a natural thing,
General Poundful's office with the Department of Defense,
which helped take this file and begin to put it in shape so that, if as in when,
the time came that the information should be sent, the did come as well as the original letter to Senator.
The part of the fire went over the signature of Mr. Hempel,
but concurrently, practically at the same time as I recall it,
the Department of the Army on its own communicated with all the members of this committee,
plus other senators and congressmen who had acquired about this matter and sent the same material
over the Department of the Army signature.
A police sender of fathers, the letter was directed to the Secretary of Defense, that's right.
Some of the other inquiries were directed to the Department of the Army, that's right.
Well, the thing that I am trying to get clear here is, I understand your state,
and that is that the Army assumes full responsibility for initiating these charges.
But assistance was obtained from a level higher than the Department of the Army,
namely the Department of the Defense in connection with the preparation of this phenology of events
that was later related first.
Now there's one other question I will conclude.
You referred to the January 21st meeting, which of course you were all the country at the time.
Yes, yes. Well, I believe you stated that that meeting was for the purpose of going over the legality of the law,
the legality of the various directives and presidential orders.
I don't quite understand why Senator, why Henry Cabot-Lodge would be present at such a meeting if that was the purpose of the meeting.
I have nothing against Mr. Lodge, I am just asking the, I don't know the answer to that question, that I am.
I am still that the January 21st meeting was for that purpose. That's right.
I'm off now.
And the topic, Mr. Secretary, is that your testimony that every second of the January 21st meeting,
that the order of the barely said has been, has been the center of this controversy, would have been made public by the Army.
No, we did not make a public center to part of the issue by the Army.
We sent it to the interested senators and congressmen.
But every expected, the point of my question is that every expected by the meeting of January 21st,
that the Army would have sent this order of events to the members of the Congress that I've been following.
I'm quite sure we would have.
And that this meeting, no way influenced you one way or the other, has to whether or not you should send the comply with requests of the various members of the Congress.
Well, it was a consultation. The same as there were consultations with the general counsels of the Department of Defense.
That's not a part of it, but they just, the responsibility and the independence of the action was the Department of Army.
Well, this meeting, I'm saying this to my yourself, or this meeting could have been a advisory capacity, nevertheless, the action was yours,
and the action would have taken place here, respectively, of this conference.
That's my opinion. That's your opinion.
Mr. Chairman, that's the only question that I have.
However, I would like to make this take, and unfortunately, I have an important official business in New York.
I have a major committee at 1130, and I will not be back until tomorrow morning.
I wish to strain out at this time, as the Chairman's commission to make excuse, what's nothing for?
Very well. Ten at your service.
Mr. Steven, to whom does this data support?
The report's to me directly.
Yes, Director. To whom do you report?
I report to the Secretary of Defense.
Mr. Wilson, yes sir. To whom does he report?
He reports to the President.
Now that's the line of authority, is it not?
Yes sir. Any orders that were given to Mr. Adams as orders are given by you, is that correct?
That's correct.
And any orders that are given to you as orders are given directly to you by the Secretary of Defense.
That's right. Is that correct, yes sir?
And therefore, regardless of what was said or who was at a meeting of staff members of the White House.
So, none of those people could give an order.
Mr. Adams, that's right. That's right.
I know the organization.
I know that.
To call up and say the White House is calling.
But that was never an order.
The order to you come from the Secretary of Defense, is that correct?
It is absolutely correct.
And what is to Mr. Adams come from you? Is that correct?
Yes sir.
And therefore, on the basis of echelons and this government of ours,
nobody could have given an order to Mr. Adams to make up this particular group of charges we're talking about, except you yourself.
Is that correct? That's right.
And nobody could have given you an order to do it, except the Secretary of Defense himself or somebody in this department who he had delegated that responsibility and had so told you.
Is that correct? Yes sir.
Did the President ever tell you that he was delegating any authority with respect to this situation?
Do any members of the staff who were at that meeting?
He did not.
Did the Secretary of Defense ever tell you that he was delegating any authority to any member of the group? Is that meeting?
And therefore, if Mr. Adams acted based on that, he could only act.
He could only act on the your direct order.
That's right. Although he could take advice from anybody in the administrative side of the government.
Correct.
Is that correct? That's right.
No more questions, Mr. Jim.
Mr. Welch.
Madam, Madam McGrassi, Mr. Comon.
No, Mr. Secretary, I have a few brief questions.
You said that no one except you could give orders to Mr. Adams to propose charges and answer to Senator Slaming from question.
My question now is, did you give those orders to Mr. Adams?
Yes. As I specified, Madam McGrassi.
Did you or did you not?
I was, I was, I was a country at the time the meeting first place.
So I did not ask for that particular time issue in order.
No, then who did, that's the question.
Who did give the order or makes the suggestion?
Mr. Adams, give it a suggestion, yes, the time.
Who made the suggestion to give the order?
I think I'll have to ask Mr. Adams.
Can I have your first release in the next week?
The one you read in the record this morning.
Yes, thank you very much.
I think you can.
Will you answer that in the next week?
Now I have the question right, I don't care.
The party will repeat the question, please.
Now then, who did, that is the question.
Who did give the order or make the suggestion to Mr. Adams if it is a suggestion and the act of the party?
Who made the suggestion or gave the order?
I think, I think that Mr. Adams acts as usually his own judgment, acted on his own while I was away.
Have you heard that he did get advice from a conference of the point of view?
How do you ever went?
I was there, I don't think I've heard that.
Seven years of papers.
Well, I didn't save the papers.
Well, I didn't read because he went to a conference of the point of view.
Well, that's the Attorney General's Office, the big department.
Change the question. Did you hear that he went to the Attorney General's Office?
Oh, yes, I did.
Not the White House.
All right, at the meeting in which there was presence, the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General,
the White House, the State of the Advisory, the Ambassador of the UN,
did you know about that?
Yes, sir.
Did you hear that he got his advice there for the preparation of the charges?
No, sir.
Did you read him a paper that he had gotten to the suggestion?
Well, that wasn't necessarily a fact, rather than a paper.
Well, did you read it?
Were you curious enough, Mr. Adams, to see them to read his papers?
Yes, sir.
Before you came here this morning, did you read his testimony to see whether or not?
No, I did not read the testimony.
So as a bit moment, at the time we should be press release, you had not read the testimony
of what occurred to the point of view, or that the Justice Department of Conference, Mr. Adams,
had informed me of long time ago with respect to that meeting.
So then as of the time you made the press release, saying that you own or responsible
for something without effect, you knew that the charges were prepared as a result of a conference,
with point of view?
No, I did not know that.
Do you know it now?
No, sir.
Well, tell Tillerson what you do now.
What do you want?
Is that it?
Who's it, Mr. President?
What is the question?
To tell us what you do know about this now.
I assume that you have enough curiosity on this.
To find out point of view, or some will, may it be in charges?
You tell us now there were no in your order.
You tell us now, I did not say that.
We talk about the laborism, then where are the on your order?
Please charge it.
Yes, sir.
They were in your order?
When were the order?
The order was, I don't know, the exact date of it, but sometime following my return from the faries,
was it a written order or a verbal order?
Verbal?
Did I read your testimony to you, Mr. Secretary, and see if you want to change your answer?
In 1959, in 1949.
Who decided to prepare it?
Mr. Secretary, the question, who decided to prepare it?
Some of them are currently here.
Answered.
I don't know who decided to prepare it.
I know that Hensel got in touch with me, and asked me to see Mr. Brown,
and discuss these matters with him when I did not, and I did not.
I assume that Mr. Hensel was probably acting in reporters of the Secretary of Defense.
I do not know.
Some of them are currently here.
These charges were put out in tribal army charges or something without a fight.
You were the Secretary of the Army when they were put out.
There's obvious that it's not.
The evils that is right.
Did you order them put out?
No, sir.
I did not order them put out.
Now, which is true?
When that true is your testimony, it's their true.
They responsibility for these charges being put out as mine, completely.
You just told me you ordered them put out Mr. Secretary.
It's mine or did you not?
It's mine, yes, sir.
I did.
When did you order them put out?
Well, we sent them up to the committee here.
I think it was on the tenth of March.
Did you, when did you order them put out?
Well, that's right.
I can't tell you exactly what day, sometimes following my return from the far east.
Mr. Secretary, you were in the rules.
When you testified the last time.
I was in the rules today.
The last time I said, did you order them put out?
Your answer no, sir.
I did not order them put out.
Today, the question was finished.
I wait a minute.
Wait a minute.
Did you finish the question today?
Today, I say, did you order them put out?
You say, yes, sir.
I did order them put out.
Well, maybe I must understand what you mean by put out.
Now, if you mean by put out published, I did not put them out.
If you mean furnished to the members of this committee and other members of the council?
Yes, I did that.
It's my responsibility.
Did you order them put the members of the council?
Yes.
When did you order them?
I think it was on the 10th of March.
And the far east you knew no one in the executive and anything you do was on?
Well, as I said, I conferred with the Department of Defense officials.
You referred to this other meeting of the 21st.
Certainly, there was consultation and bias.
But the responsibility is mine.
But you did get advice from the executive.
You get advice from the executive?
Yes.
You read it correctly in the order that you tried to do.
Well, that's right.
I talked to Mr. Brown and Mr. Hensel's office.
Does that extend?
Yes.
Talk to Mr. Hensel too.
Did you get advice from anyone in the executive department?
Well, I think so.
I can get the department.
Other than the witnesses, I tell them Mr. Hensel is the Brown.
Very likely, there.
Food.
I...
That's it.
I'll see you in the next one.
Mr. Chavin, the question of course is the intention of the executive order.
On the west of the testimony, which is the criminal tribute.
Those are the calls of the sheriff under the ban on the interpretation.
It's a bias to certain members of the executive department.
Not others.
But the responsibility of the making the interpretation is to ensure it.
Well, could I have the question, Red Sley?
Sure.
When you read the question again.
Food.
I'd like to have the one to handle that, Red Sley.
Maybe we better go back a little further from the ground.
I think that's it.
I ask you to go to the executive department.
And I ask you if you have the responsibility to try to solve it.
I told you that I had bought...